Skip to main contentAccessibility help
Accessibility feedback
Rise of the Half MoonRise of the Half MoonRise of the Half Moon
list of filetypes


All
Images
Videos
News
Shopping
Forums
Web
More
Tools

List of file formats

Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › List_of_file_formats
This is a list of file formats used by computers, organized by type. Filename extension is usually noted in parentheses if they differ from the file ...

List of File Formats with Types and Extensions

GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org › list-of-file-formats
Mar 4, 2024 — A file format is a standard way of storing data on a computer file. There are multiple types of file formats present which can be used to store and retrieve ...
People also ask
What are the 7 file extensions?
7 types of document file formats
Portable document format (PDF) ...
Word document (DOC and DOCX) ...
OpenDocument text (ODT) ...
Hypertext markup language (HTML and HTM) ...
Microsoft excel spreadsheet file (XLS and XLSX) ...
Text file (TXT) ...
Comma-separated values (CSV) ...
Joint photographic experts group (JPEG or JPG)
More items...•Sep 24, 2024

30 Different Types of Files and How to Use Them | Indeed.com

Indeed
https://www.indeed.com › ... › Career development
How many files types are there?
What are 10 file extensions?
How do I see all file types?
What is the 40 file extension?
What is a 7 Z file?
Feedback

Common file name extensions in Windows
Microsoft Support
https://support.microsoft.com › en-us › windows
Common file name extensions in Windows ; wmv. Windows Media Video file ; wmz, wms. Windows Media skins file ; wpd, wp5. WordPerfect document ; xla. Microsoft Excel ...

Huge list of file formats with detailed description

Online converter
https://www.online-convert.com › file-type
File formats · PDF. Portable Document Format · TXT. Raw text file · DOC. Microsoft Word Binary File Format · ODT. OpenDocument Text Document · XPS. Microsoft ...

Category:Computer file formats

Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Category:Computer_fil...
List of file formats · List of file signatures. 0–9. 3D Graphics file format · 3GP and 3G2 · 8SVX. A. AAC-LD · ACE (genomic file format) · ADX (file format) ...

30 Different Types of Files and How to Use Them

Indeed
https://www.indeed.com › ... › Career development
Sep 24, 2024 — 7 types of document file formats · 1. Portable document format (PDF) · 2. Word document (DOC and DOCX) · 3. OpenDocument text (ODT) · 4. Hypertext ...

File Types Indexable by Google | Google Search Central

Google for Developers
https://developers.google.com › ... › Documentation
Image formats: BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, WebP, SVG, and AVIF · Video formats: 3GP, 3G2, ASF, AVI, DivX, M2V, M3U, M3U8, M4V, MKV, MOV, MP4, MPEG, OGV, QVT, RAM, RM, ...

dyne/file-extension-list: Organised collection of common ...

GitHub
https://github.com › dyne › file-extension-list
This project maintains reusable collections of common file extensions categorised per typology. It can be used by any program to quickly distinguish between ...

Complete List of File Formats

FileFormat.Info
https://www.fileformat.info › format › all
Complete List of File Formats. This is the complete list of file formats with information or links available here on FileFormat.Info. Format, Index Entries ...
Images
The Giant List of Document File Types and Extensions
The Giant List of Document File Types and Extensions

FileCenter
List of File Formats with Types and Extensions - GeeksforGeeks
List of File Formats with Types and Extensions - GeeksforGeeks

GeeksforGeeks
Complete Image File Extension Lists for Developers
Complete Image File Extension Lists for Developers

Filestack Blog
Show more images

Common File Extensions

FileInfo.com
https://fileinfo.com › filetypes › common
Common File Types · Text Files · Data Files · Audio Files · Video Files · 3D Image Files · Raster Image Files · Vector Image Files · Page Layout Files ...

Alphabetical List of Format Descriptions

Library of Congress (.gov)
https://www.loc.gov › digital › formats › fdd › browse_list
Sep 6, 2024 — E00 · E00, ESRI ArcInfo interchange file (E00) · E57 · E57, ASTEM E57 3D file format · EBML · EBML, Extensible Binary Meta Language · ECMAScript ...

What Are the Most Common File Types and File Extensions?

Computer Hope
https://www.computerhope.com › ... › File Help
Mar 10, 2024 — System-related file formats and file extensions ·.bak - Backup file ·.cab - Windows Cabinet file ·.cfg - Configuration file ·.cpl - Windows ...

How to get a list of file type information

Microsoft Learn
https://learn.microsoft.com › en-us › answers › questions
Apr 16, 2021 — I need a list of descriptive strings for file types stored in Windows, using C++. Is there a way to get a list using C++?
3 answers
 
·
 
0 votes: 
That is not as simple as you may think, as there are some types that are defined by standards ...

eCO Help - eCO Acceptable File Types

Copyright Office (.gov)
https://www.copyright.gov › eco › help-file-types
Help: List of Acceptable File Types ; Audio .aif, .aiff (Audio Interchange File Format) .au (Audio File) .mp3 (MP3 Audio File or Layer 3 Audio Compression) .wav ...

File formats supported for in-browser viewing

Figshare
https://help.figshare.com › article › file-formats-support...
File formats supported for in-browser viewing ; audio, svg glyph, mp3, wav, aif, aiff, wma ; dataset, svg glyph, csv, sav, tsv, xls, xlsb, xlsx.

What is a file extension (file format)? | Definition from ...

TechTarget
https://www.techtarget.com › whatis › file-format
Types of file extensions · Text and word processing files. doc, docx, odt, pages, rtf, txt, wpd, wps. · Spreadsheet files. csv, numbers, ods, xls, xlsx. · Web- ...

Image file type and format guide - MDN Web Docs - Mozilla

MDN Web Docs
https://developer.mozilla.org › Web › Media › Formats
Sep 16, 2024 — The following list includes image formats that appear on the web, but which should be avoided for web content (generally this is because ...

Alphabetical list of file formats (A–E) - Computer Wiki - Fandom

Computer Wiki | Fandom
https://computer.fandom.com › wiki › Alphabetical_list...
AlZip Compressed Files' pieces · Graphics AIIM image file · Assembler language source for 8080 · Split parts of a single whole file ; split (Unix).

List Of Data Formats & File Extensions: Reference Guide

Webopedia
https://www.webopedia.com › IT Management
Aug 2, 2022 — With literally thousands of data file formats employed by Windows and Window-based apps, keeping track of all the file extensions used by ...

How many different file types exist roughly?

Quora
https://www.quora.com › How-many-different-file-type...
There are several audio file formats, standards, and file extensions used, here is a list of the most popular audio file extensions. .aif - AIF ...
16 answers
 
·
 
The number of different file types is quite extensive and continues to grow as technology ...

List files with certain extensions with ls and grep

Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com › questions › list-files-with-ce...
objective-c; excel; pandas; angularjs; regex; typescript; ruby; linux; ajax; iphone; vba; xml; laravel; spring; asp.net-mvc; database; wordpress
12 answers
 
·
 
Top answer: 
Why not: ls *.{mp3,exe,mp4} I'm not sure where I learned it - but I've been using this.

Files you can store in Google Drive

Google Help
https://support.google.com › drive › answer
Supported file types · Autodesk AutoCad (.DXF) · Illustrator (.AI) · Photoshop (.PSD) · Portable Document Format (.PDF) · PostScript (.EPS, .PS) · Scalable Vector ...

Recursively looking for a list of file types - bash

Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com › questions › recursively-loo...
xml; laravel; spring; asp.net-mvc; database; wordpress; string; flutter; postgresql; mongodb; wpf; windows; amazon-web-services; xcode; bash
2 answers
 
·
 
Top answer: 
The whole idea of using find int the first place is not needed. The shell globbing support ...

File Types in Library

RISC OS Open
https://www.riscosopen.org › documentation › pages › Fi...
Sep 10, 2024 — This is a community-managed list of filetypes, and thus may be incomplete or inaccurate in some areas.

What kinds of file types can I accept in my form?

Submittable Help
http://submittable.help › articles › 1711811-what-kinds-o...
Text/Document Files · Image Files · Audio Files · Video Files · Other Files · Specialty Files.

Supported YouTube file formats

Google Help
https://support.google.com › youtube › troubleshooter
Audio files, like MP3, WAV, or PCM files, can't be uploaded to create a YouTube video. You can use video editing software to convert your audio file to a video.

The Giant List of Document File Types and Extensions

FileCenter
https://www.filecenter.com › blog › the-giant-list-of-doc...
Apr 19, 2022 — Document file types or extensions – also called filename extensions – refer to the 2-4 letter suffixes appended to a filename after a period.

List of Executable File Extensions

Lifewire
https://www.lifewire.com › Software & Apps › File Types
May 8, 2023 — Files with the extensions listed below can be executed with some basic parts of Windows, macOS, Linux, etc. No additional program is required.

Listing of All Formats

Wolfram Language Documentation
https://reference.wolfram.com › language › guide › List...
The Wolfram Language supports many formats, with many subformats, variants, and options.

What types of files can I preview in the Dropbox mobile app?

Dropbox Help Center
https://help.dropbox.com › View and edit
Oct 31, 2024 — File types that preview as a presentation ;.key† .pot† .potm† ;.pps .ppsm .ppsx ...

File Types and Names - Data

The DHS Program
https://www.dhsprogram.com › data › File-Types-and-N...
File Types and Names · Distribution Files · Working Files · Distribution File Naming Convention · Country Codes (includes India State Codes) - [CC]DDVVFFDS.ZIP ...

10 Types of Image File Extensions and When to Use Them

HubSpot Blog
https://blog.hubspot.com › different-types-of-image-files
Oct 20, 2020 — JPEG, GIF, and PNG are all raster image extensions. Every photo you find online or in print is a raster image.

Supported file formats in After Effects

Adobe Help Center
https://helpx.adobe.com › after-effects › supported-file-f...
Nov 4, 2024 — Video and animation file formats ; Adobe Flash Player (.swf), Import only, Note that .swf files are imported with an alpha channel. Interactive ...

What are the most common file types and file extensions?

Quora
https://www.quora.com › What-are-the-most-common-f...
These formats are covered by the Open Document Format (ODF) initiative which allows anybody to read and write these files regardless of brand, ...
1 answer
 
·
 
File types and extensions are crucial for identifying the format and purpose of files on a computer. ...

File extension list | The most important file types

IONOS
https://www.ionos.com › ... › Server › Know-how
Feb 21, 2023 — File extensions for text files and other documents ;.pdf, Adobe's PDF file extension (Portable Document Format) is probably the most commonly ...

Common Windows file extensions - NMU

Northern Michigan University
https://it.nmu.edu › docs › common-windows-file-extens...
Common Windows file extensions ;.CVS, Canvas ;.DBF, dbase II, III, IV data ;.DIF, Data Interchange format ;.DOC or .DOCX, Microsoft Word for Windows/Word97.

Common File Types and How to Open Them
University Northridge
http://www.csun.edu › science › courses › files › filetypes
.TGA, IMAGE, Truevision Targa image file. ;.PCX, IMAGE, ZSoft Paintbrush file. ;.WMF, IMAGE, Microsoft Windows Metafile ;.ART, IMAGE, "Static Art" compressed ...

Types of files

IBM
https://www.ibm.com › docs › aix
The types of files recognized by the system are either regular, directory, or special. However, the operating system uses many variations of these basic types.

List of file formats (alphabetical) - Computer Wiki - Fandom

Computer Wiki | Fandom
https://computer.fandom.com › wiki › List_of_file_for...
This alphabetical list of filename extensions contains standard extensions associated with computer files.

File types supported by Documents
N-able
https://documentation.n-able.com › Content › files
Other types of text files ;.PSW, Pocket word document ;.RTF, Rich text format file ;.SDW, StarOffice Writer text document ;.STW, StarOffice document Template.

Handout - MNDES Acceptable File Formats

Minnesota Judicial Branch (.gov)
https://www.mncourts.gov › media › scao_library
PDF
May 20, 2024 — .dvr-ms. Mul media files – MS Digital Video Recording .flac. Audio – Free Lossless Audio Codec .flv. Flash video.

Digital File Types

National Archives (.gov)
https://www.archives.gov › products › definitions › filet...
The Sustainability of Digital Formats site at the Library of Congress contains information about the MPEG-4 File Format. This MP4 file is identified as PUID x- ...

List of File Extensions

OpenOffice
https://www.openoffice.org › dev_docs › source › file_e...
An .src include header file. .HRC, An .src include header file. .html ...

File formats supported in Autodesk Fusion

Autodesk
https://www.autodesk.com › sfdcarticles › sfdcarticles › F...
Oct 29, 2024 — A list of file formats that are compatible with Autodesk Fusion and can be imported into the software. By filename extension: *.3dm *.3mf ...

List of File Types

A B Cryer
https://www.cryer.co.uk › file-types
Comprehensive list of file types ordered by file extension, with links to relevant sites for additional information where known.

The Different Types of Files and How to Use Them

Wix.com
https://www.wix.com › blog › different-types-of-files
Nov 22, 2023 — 01. JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) · 02. PNG (Portable Network Graphics) · 03. GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) · 04. PDF (Portable ...

List of filetypes - Emulation General Wiki

Emulation General Wiki
https://emulation.gametechwiki.com › index.php › List_...
For the different sections for the file types, see: Archives, Disc/Disk Images, Tape Files, ROM Images, Saves, Shaders and Filters, Other, CHIP-8.

Digital File Formats

University Libraries - UNT
https://library.unt.edu › digital-projects-unit › standards
Tagged Image File Format, image/tiff .tif, .tiff ; Joint Photographic Experts Group, image/jpeg .jpg, .jpeg ; Portable Document Format, application/pdf .pdf ; Text ...

Supported File Types

Box Developer Documentation
https://developer.box.com › guides › representations › s...
Audio ·.aac ·.aif ; CAD ·.3ds ·.box3d ; Document ·.as ·.as3 ; Drawing ·.ai ·.boxcanvas ; Image ·.arw ·.bmp ...
People also ask
What is file extension class 7?
What is the extension of 7 file in MS Excel?
What are all the file extensions?
What is the extension of MP 7 files?
Feedback
People also search for
All file extensions list PDF
Types of files for documents
what are the 4 types of files?
File extensions list with full form
Types of files Stationery
What are the 3 types of files
20 file extension
File format example
1	
2
3
4
5
6
7
Next
Landmark, Alexandria, VA - Based on your places (Home)
 - Update location
HelpSend feedbackPrivacyTerms